# ProgrammingJourney

this is a repo for me to use to store code and learn the workings of github.

so far i think it is going ok  6.26.2022

The CTU School Programs folder is filled with subfolders coresponding to classes taken during pursuit of my Bachelor of Science - Computer Science(software engineering)

for python programming codes hand written by yours truly, thats me, see the collapbisle python section.  these programs were written while following tutorials to get a sense for python coding.

for javascript programming see the javascript collapsible section!

<details>
    <summary>CTU Schoolwork</summary>

## CTU Schoolwork courses
    1. Big Data Anylytics
        * Unit 2 - Tweet empty spcae remover
        * Unit 3 - Dictionary creation with keys
        * Unit 4 - AI teaching and testing using diabetes data
        * Unit 5 - KnearestNeighbors using zipcode demographics

    2. C++
        * 

    3. Computer Algorithms
        * 2.1 - Quicksort using pivots
        * 2.2 - Binary Sort
        * 3.1 - Inorder and Preorder node traversal
        * 3.2 - Graphed shortest path transversal
        * 4.2 - Javascript linked list search
        * 5.1 - Optimal Tree Search
        * 5.2 - Traveling salesman problem solution

    4. Computer Architecture
        * Word Doc with final project

    5. Fundamentals of Software Design
        * Use Case diagrams for various programs

    6. Intro to Data Structures
        * Boarding Queue
        * BookID system
        * BubbleSort
        * Customer list with address
        * Employee salary calculations
        * Node_ordering
        * Node with linked lists
        * Node Tree
        * Root Node Sort

    7. Intro to Website Design
        * Entire final project for custom created resume website

    8. Machine Learning
        * Jupiter Notebooks using testtrainsplits for data sets

    9. Object Oriented Methods
        * use case diagrams


</details>


<details>
    <summary>Python!</summary>

## Python programs so far:
    1.Games: All in games folder, then branch into own folders for game files.
        * madlibs - enter the prompts and read out a small madlib!
        * guessing game(computer) - guess a random number generated by the computer!
        * guessing game(user) - give the computer hints to try to guess your number!
        * rock, paper, scissors - play against the computer in RPS!
        * hangman - play a game of hangman using the provided word list!
        * tictactoe - play tictactoe with logic! includes a unbeatable computer palyer using minmax eo ensure it doenst lose.
        * Minesweeper - command line version with selectable board size and number of bombs!
        * Pong - use turtles to paly pong. w/s for left, Up/Down for right.
        * Snake - play a block snake game with arrow keys.

    2. AI learning
        * BinarySearch - basics showing binary search
        * RidgeRegression - basic ridge regression to use on dataframes

    3. Everyday use projects
        * Youtube video downloader
        * Finance Automation

    4. Weekend projects
        * july 18 - 

</details>

<details>
  <summary>JavaScript!</summary>
  
  ## Javascript programs so far
    1. Games
        * Rock Paper Scissors! - play against teh computer random generated results.
        * Memory Game! - flip tiles to view pictures underneath. match them to clear the board.
        * Connect 4 - standard connect 4 game
</details>


<details>
    <summary>Devops</summary>

  ## DevOps Development
    1. ToolKit


</details>

